Holly Roddenbery: Hey God
Holly Roddenbery: Sorry I'm late. Let me grab some headphones.
Holly Roddenbery: I'm just woke up.
Holly Roddenbery: I've been
Holly Roddenbery: I've been doing better.
Holly Roddenbery: But I needed some rest as of lately.
Holly Roddenbery: So I've been just kind of reading as I need to. And we're seeing as I need to. And I'm just and I have taken care of myself met my goals.
Holly Roddenbery: So many
Goals.
Holly Roddenbery: Okay and I totally forgot that I had therapy. This morning I didn't rather than my calendar. So I apologize for that. I'm just the second, let me get this untangle
Holly Roddenbery: Oh, right.
Holly Roddenbery: I'm gonna go downstairs to my
Holly Roddenbery: Okay.
Holly Roddenbery: So,
Holly Roddenbery: Good morning, are you good afternoon.
Holly Roddenbery: I'm finally taken a break from everything just to take time for myself. And in that I just kind of let my schedule go didn't try to push myself. I just read as I needed to rien.
Holly Roddenbery: Just fasted and
Holly Roddenbery: Just kind of took time for myself that I needed, apart from john apart from family just to focus on me.
Holly Roddenbery: And it was so good.
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: It's been helpful.
Holly Roddenbery: I don't
Holly Roddenbery: I know it must have been such an emotional wreck likes last time that I spoke to you that I honestly, I can't even remember.
Holly Roddenbery: All that I said just telling you about my pain and done.
Jodi Dumler: Didn't come through.
Holly Roddenbery: I'm
Holly Roddenbery: Sorry.
Holly Roddenbery: Just remember my goals and I met those things with that I think I told you that I didn't have peace about trying to drive home in this coronavirus
Holly Roddenbery: In fact, since then.
Holly Roddenbery: You know out all I haven't been doing nearly is just taking care of myself doing the best I can to look after john ward and need help.
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: Just
Holly Roddenbery: Seeking what I need to do and trying to live a better life for myself.
Holly Roddenbery: Because I knew that I did put john before myself.
Holly Roddenbery: And I don't mean that because that's not that's not how I
Holly Roddenbery: That's not what gives me strength and that's not what take cares takes care of me. So I guess.
Holly Roddenbery: Our relationship on that end is is better.
Holly Roddenbery: He may not like certain things about it but
Holly Roddenbery: Too bad. It's, it's better for us.
Holly Roddenbery: We're learning how to build some trust in each other and some patients with each other.
Holly Roddenbery: And on the drinking in to which is what I, you know, was was talking with you about
Holly Roddenbery: And how fearful and worrying that I was for his life.
Holly Roddenbery: And I'm not saying that there's nothing to be worried about as far as that.
Holly Roddenbery: I'm learning that there's a difference between being worried and worried and being mindful and to just
Holly Roddenbery: Rather than telling him telling other people telling her just learned that just to pray about it.
Holly Roddenbery: And leave that there.
Holly Roddenbery: And strange things have been happening around here.
Holly Roddenbery: Since I since I've kind of let go of that and let go of trying to control that.
Holly Roddenbery: I know sometimes bad things have to happen before there's good and
Holly Roddenbery: John was arrested this past week.
And
Holly Roddenbery: He left went outside and apparently car almost hit him and he was drinking some words and
Holly Roddenbery: Me.
Holly Roddenbery: It was bad.
Holly Roddenbery: But
Holly Roddenbery: Knowing him.
Holly Roddenbery: I wouldn't got him out whenever he couldn't get out just to look after, and it's not a patient person.
Holly Roddenbery: And it would have been like
Holly Roddenbery: A whole lot of blame put on me if I didn't go and get him whenever
Holly Roddenbery: The police officers called and said that I could
Holly Roddenbery: And he tried to to put his anger and his defiance for what he did wrong on me.
Holly Roddenbery: Like there's just I'm amazed at
Holly Roddenbery: How I was able to take a stand before him and just say, Look, no, this is what I did. This is the truth.
Holly Roddenbery: You are asking something of me, that I cannot do for you.
Holly Roddenbery: You shouldn't be mad at me.
Holly Roddenbery: And you don't don't harbor this don't place this on me and
Holly Roddenbery: Why are you upset you work through that because I'm not going to accept that being put on me and
Holly Roddenbery: But you know what, it wasn't ugly. It wasn't like
Holly Roddenbery: It was firm and loving
Holly Roddenbery: And he, I don't know how his processing through that.
Jodi Dumler: There hasn't been any yelling in the last week.
Jodi Dumler: Between the two of you.
Holly Roddenbery: So much um
Holly Roddenbery: There's been a lot more progress.
Holly Roddenbery: tense moments. I don't know. I can just sense presence in the midst of all of this.
Holly Roddenbery: And help
Holly Roddenbery: No, I don't know. All I want is now that I've just been praying and looking at myself and like
Holly Roddenbery: All I really want is just God's will be done in this situation in this relationship.
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: I can even see how this relationship has taught me things that I've needed to know and understand about myself and
Holly Roddenbery: And you know about mainly about condemnation and not letting myself.
Holly Roddenbery: Except that
Holly Roddenbery: If it's not something that's
Holly Roddenbery: That's
Holly Roddenbery: loving and kind and given to me in the right way.
Holly Roddenbery: I mean I'm learning to hear people and what they're saying.
Holly Roddenbery: But not
Holly Roddenbery: Except hurt and the blame that they're trying to place on me for something that is unnecessary.
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: That has been
Holly Roddenbery: Really good for me because I've had a lot of that. Just put it on me.
Holly Roddenbery: And I know we all
Holly Roddenbery: Do that to each other sometimes
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: I know that I've been just like running from my personal relationship and
Holly Roddenbery: Just running from God owners that relate and
Holly Roddenbery: And toiling doing a lot of work and not just taking care of my heart and
Holly Roddenbery: Paying attention to
Holly Roddenbery: What I should be doing or what I need to be doing.
Holly Roddenbery: Until I just got so slow. And so filled up with just emotions being overwhelmed.
Holly Roddenbery: That I couldn't do anything else, but stop and just look at the issues that I'm dealing with. Look at my warrior and my anxiety and my fears and do some tracing to see what's going on to handle those kind of things properly.
Holly Roddenbery: Obviously one of them may have mentioned to us about my dog being in Georgia with my mom.
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: I'll be forthcoming with you that I'm
Holly Roddenbery: Aware. I moved from North Carolina or after I left graduate school.
Holly Roddenbery: To do an artist to I went to an Artist Residency, and I wouldn't have been able to go to that Artist Residency and keep my dog and you know when it was like a tense moment I wasn't sure what I was going to do john was saying you shouldn't let a dog control you and
Holly Roddenbery: You know, make decisions for you and and
Holly Roddenbery: Keep you from opportunities and stuff like that. And I was like, yeah, that kind of kind of is right and I haven't been able to take care of them. Good. Now even because doing grad school and he's getting older and
Holly Roddenbery: Then I just kind of felt to them the heart that this residency.
Holly Roddenbery: getting shot and
Holly Roddenbery: You really believe that it was something that Lord was leading me to to
Holly Roddenbery: Hear or know that my mom would be the one to keep my dog Holly, did that and she said, no, at first.
Holly Roddenbery: About keeping my dog and then she turned right around and said,
Holly Roddenbery: I'll keep them.
Holly Roddenbery: You know, bring them on over here and it did and it was really grateful for the opportunity to go off to this Artist Residency and, you know, I've been paying her payment on a show. Let me to keep my dog.
Holly Roddenbery: And then, uh, you know, obviously I've told you she's gotten unhealthy and she doesn't need to be looking after my dog because of the Chrome virus and everything.
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: I my sister had been kind of telling me that she didn't need to be looking after him, and I knew that and obviously after I did the Artist Residency I ended up over here and getting a job and not having a place for my dog still and
Holly Roddenbery: It was a very frustrating situation because it's something that I can't resolve.
Holly Roddenbery: Happened in there just kind of knew my mom's let's let her know that Jonathan weren't doing well and
Holly Roddenbery: That didn't
Holly Roddenbery: Change your mind and said,
Holly Roddenbery: I don't keep her dog anymore. And before she said that I felt like it will end. She's gonna say, I'm not going to keep your dog. And so that has been something tense in the midst of my relationship with my mom, my personal relationship with guide.
Holly Roddenbery: And john and it's just been kind of a very
Holly Roddenbery: Tense pressure situation that I haven't known how to what kind of moved to make to bring the the the aid that's needed
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: That is that my dog is pretty sick and he still has life been admitted that appointment.
Holly Roddenbery: And I might and that said you know he has it wouldn't be cruel to keep him alive right now with all of those problems that he's facing physically. This is more of a familial issue anyone recommend I put the dog down just fix problem.
Holly Roddenbery: That this needs to be agreed on between my mom and I least
Holly Roddenbery: Because my mom has a stroke and some cyclic thinking and really compassionate and loves animals.
Holly Roddenbery: And I do too.
Holly Roddenbery: She every time I mentioned that that might be what I have to do to solve the problem for her. She gets angry with me and
Holly Roddenbery: And just kind of keeps a lot on me or tries to
Holly Roddenbery: And I can't really get her to understand that this isn't something that I can fix and that if she thinks that I need to come down there to take care of her, and to live with her right now and take care of her to
Holly Roddenbery: That she might lose me on the way and still have the problem of the dog.
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: So it's just been kind of stressful.
Holly Roddenbery: Trying to navigate this issue.
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: Really what I'm hoping will happen through it.
Holly Roddenbery: Because I don't know that it's right now. It's not something that I can fix. I know that she doesn't need to be looking after him. But I also know my mom is kind of a weak and fragile place where she actually needs more help.
Holly Roddenbery: She needs more caretaking I believe
Holly Roddenbery: And she's falling lot
And
Holly Roddenbery: She's also refusing help
Holly Roddenbery: So,
Holly Roddenbery: I've been in touch with my pastor and Georgia who looks after our family and just
Holly Roddenbery: Praying over this situation.
Holly Roddenbery: But it's a stressful thing to go through for me to want to be there for so many people
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: Not at the ability to do that to change or fix things.
Jodi Dumler: Is it solely near fear the virus that's keeping you from going home. The summer or are you hoping to still go at some point.
Holly Roddenbery: I would hope to be able to go at some point.
Holly Roddenbery: Because I don't want to just, you know, I don't want to be selfish. And I think that that's the lesson that I feel like I needed to learn
Holly Roddenbery: Through this entire situation is to love more selflessly
Holly Roddenbery: And sacrificial
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah, that's been less than three. Because truly, I can't even judge john
Holly Roddenbery: Why, he's going through and point fingers at his drinking because
Holly Roddenbery: I understand.
Holly Roddenbery: Understand, not having the ability
Holly Roddenbery: And I don't know if he has the ability to fix that.
Holly Roddenbery: Yes, as far as I guess going home.
Holly Roddenbery: I'd want to know that it was safe and I'd want to know that I was in a better place.
Holly Roddenbery: And perhaps that
Holly Roddenbery: That john was in a better place to
Holly Roddenbery: Because I
Holly Roddenbery: Things are rough for him right now too, and I really do care about him. And I think that
Holly Roddenbery: I kind of feel like leaving him would be
Holly Roddenbery: Something that's not being asked me know
Holly Roddenbery: At least right now.
Jodi Dumler: I think all of that is something that you need to actively remain
Jodi Dumler: In prayer and looking at
Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: It's been very many months that you have talked about and felt bad about not being able to be there for family.
Jodi Dumler: And be it that you're going to ideally return in the fall, and you have a position way for you and work that you need to do in the fall and then
Holly Roddenbery: I'm not even sure if that I need to be doing that, to be honest with you.
Jodi Dumler: The return or the position.
Holly Roddenbery: The position, like, as I've as I've been praying and just taking time for myself. I've noticed that I have other passions and desires.
Holly Roddenbery: And your if that's what I need to be doing. It's working at that school and serving that school, I'll gladly do that. I love doing that.
Holly Roddenbery: And I know that I have the job with the jewelry business and I've been learning a lot there. But I also have personal dreams of having business.
Holly Roddenbery: And I don't want to spread myself too thin.
Holly Roddenbery: And that's what I felt like I was doing
Holly Roddenbery: I've been given her lot as far as my dad left me and don't want to make sure that I'm taking that and being care about and
Holly Roddenbery: Investing it suppose
Holly Roddenbery: I might want to have my own jewelry business.
Holly Roddenbery: But I want to be able to know that it's the right time and and pursue that the right way.
Jodi Dumler: Right.
Holly Roddenbery: And I think that this is a good location for that I do.
Holly Roddenbery: But ever know. I just think I need time to
Just
Holly Roddenbery: Be with myself right now and feel
Holly Roddenbery: Because I had lost my dad.
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: I was in the midst of semester.
Holly Roddenbery: And up realized if I don't take time to process through crieff
Holly Roddenbery: It'll handle me and I'll link painting on everyone.
Holly Roddenbery: So right now.
Holly Roddenbery: Thing talk happened to have my Fable and go through
Holly Roddenbery: With the estate and how that mom feels
Holly Roddenbery: That she's been turned on.
Holly Roddenbery: By her children.
Holly Roddenbery: And as I try to be there for her three legs. She has so much pain that she turns and throws a lot of darts at me.
Holly Roddenbery: Saying that I don't know if my dad and
Holly Roddenbery: If it weren't for her.
Holly Roddenbery: That she that my dad would have just like
Holly Roddenbery: Nobody would have cared for him, would he wouldn't have had that time and what hurts is I know that's true. I'm grateful for what she did the sacrifice she made by taking care of him.
Holly Roddenbery: And that was something that she had on her heart to do that she wanted to do. But I'm thinking of because she's had a stroke and
Holly Roddenbery: She kind of went about the whole
Holly Roddenbery: Payment being
Holly Roddenbery: Hard
Holly Roddenbery: I feel too bad that my brother and sister won't
Holly Roddenbery: Take care of her back, because I think that we show you. She's our mother, we should look after her, and she should build, you know, dignified by how she took care of her dad.
Holly Roddenbery: So it's been bothersome to me that the brother and sister.
Holly Roddenbery: Can't see that and
Holly Roddenbery: When I tried to help her whether the emotionally or financially sometimes her pain in her brokenness causes her to turn her back on me.
Holly Roddenbery: Sometimes I wish that I could fix everything.
Holly Roddenbery: In a panic about that you
Holly Roddenbery: Just understanding that there's some things that I can't fix here.
Holly Roddenbery: And yes, I guess if I, if the opportunities right
Holly Roddenbery: Then I'd go down and so you're nervous about flying. And also, you know, pretty tired and worn out about driving
Holly Roddenbery: So that's truly what I have it made millions to to go down there just yet.
Holly Roddenbery: And I want to know what the right thing is
Look,
Jodi Dumler: You guys your apartment where you are, where you guys live justice and allow animals, I take it,
Holly Roddenbery: I'm right john owns this house. And he also owns a lot of nice rugs. My mom did too. And she allowed animals to to
Holly Roddenbery: Get the best of that.
Holly Roddenbery: And then she'd like to complain about that. But also, she's letting her own animals do that too.
Holly Roddenbery: And so I I wouldn't have a place for him.
Holly Roddenbery: In this partner.
Holly Roddenbery: And and it's from what I've heard from other people. It may be challenging to find a place to read that allow me to have a dog.
Jodi Dumler: So I asked you last time.
Jodi Dumler: And my big concern, of course, was sci fi
Jodi Dumler: And I wanted to know, why is where if it were to be unsafe where you go, what do you have in place.
Holly Roddenbery: Will have in place.
Holly Roddenbery: I do feel stay down here and my partner.
Holly Roddenbery: I know that john
Holly Roddenbery: Requirement out. You said outside of my partner. Where do I feel safe.
Holly Roddenbery: I don't have a place
Holly Roddenbery: I mean, I would go to my mom's in Georgia.
Holly Roddenbery: But sometimes I don't feel safe very
Holly Roddenbery: Because
Holly Roddenbery: Sometimes she likes to take advantage
Holly Roddenbery: Okay.
Jodi Dumler: Do you have any friends that not that you're going to move in with them. I just mean if you need to go for a night.
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah, you were to call
Holly Roddenbery: A ballet, but have people that work in their houses.
Jodi Dumler: Most of the time.
Jodi Dumler: Do you feel safe, where you are like truly say
Yes.
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah I did in that was just, I guess.
Holly Roddenbery: This change that I needed to make was just really happen, the firm foundation and my own relationship in life.
Holly Roddenbery: And not letting
Holly Roddenbery: People
Holly Roddenbery: twist my heart and twist my hand.
Holly Roddenbery: Into
Holly Roddenbery: Feeling like it's my fault for their pain.
Holly Roddenbery: And in some ways, it might be because of hurtful things I've said
Holly Roddenbery: And I can't necessarily take that back. But I can tell them the truth in a loving way.
And
Holly Roddenbery: But yeah, as far as like feeling safe just having that firm foundation in my own heart and my own life. Makes me feel safe emotionally
Holly Roddenbery: And it gives me strength.
Holly Roddenbery: Then I need to just handle some of the pain.
Holly Roddenbery: And as far as physically feeling safe. Obviously I'm renting from john and understand that addiction is a disease.
Holly Roddenbery: And he is to people.
Holly Roddenbery: He is mighty
Holly Roddenbery: Not nice and sheds pain to whenever he has been drinking and I have learned how to even in the midst of that, not to
Holly Roddenbery: Allow him.
Holly Roddenbery: To put that his faults on top of me, but to show love to him through that.
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: To not buy into his harsh words whenever he is drinking
Holly Roddenbery: Or that at least that's what I'm learning to do through the situation.
Holly Roddenbery: And then
Holly Roddenbery: Obviously when he's not drinking. I've been a friend to I'm going to help. I suppose to
Holly Roddenbery: Help him move through his way.
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: Then he has he he does have a key to this downstairs, because
Holly Roddenbery: It's his place.
Holly Roddenbery: So I want to add an extra layer of this
Holly Roddenbery: Action.
Holly Roddenbery: But I'm not, I don't feel like I'm dead bolting myself from the person I know john being
Holly Roddenbery: Feel like I'm dead bolting myself.
Holly Roddenbery: Is damage that he dies to himself and to others. When you drinks and
Jodi Dumler: So, so you do have a deadbolt.
Holly Roddenbery: I haven't gotten one yet.
Holly Roddenbery: But I don't want to be callous towards him by putting that up.
Jodi Dumler: Thank you get to decide and you have to decide.
Jodi Dumler: How to
Jodi Dumler: Step back and objectively, look at the present and the past and say, What do I actually need and then decide. That's why I asked if you have somewhere else, because you had to go at one point. So it hasn't happened.
Jodi Dumler: And
Jodi Dumler: There's absolutely nothing that you've told me that has made me say it won't happen again at some point.
Jodi Dumler: So I want to make sure that you have a plan for safety, not because I think he's a horrible person. But because
Holly Roddenbery: You don't want me to take some
Jodi Dumler: Point if he drinks too much and
Jodi Dumler: What startle you or you were off and you were in a, you know, and you are and you were struggling as well it could become volatile again. And there's neither of you are stable enough at this point that it makes me say it's not going to happen.
Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: So you'll have to figure out is that that I do have a plan. And I have a safe person and I'll go there. Instead, or is it that
Jodi Dumler: I felt the safest here. And so I want to explain to him that I feel the safest in this apartment and I want to stay but I have to have this so that I don't have to have another plan.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah, trust myself and you both that I mean I can't trust. It's not just him. It's that
Jodi Dumler: You're not consistently there yet either.
Jodi Dumler: To be able to catch it quick enough to, you know, to be where you need to be either so
Jodi Dumler: To think about it. Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: I think I would feel safer with some dead bolts.
Jodi Dumler: The only time I would really don't explain to him that it's because you do feel safe in that apartment and you want to be able to go see. Yeah. And you don't have to call the cops on each other because that ends badly.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: No, I have to do it.
Holly Roddenbery: I don't have it. Yeah, I don't want that I'm
Holly Roddenbery: In some strange things
Holly Roddenbery: Have happened through this and I may be seeing some healing through it.
Holly Roddenbery: So I guess that's also one of the reasons why I had to just
Holly Roddenbery: Well,
Jodi Dumler: I get that.
Jodi Dumler: But that's normal.
Jodi Dumler: It's not all to have
Jodi Dumler: A healing and even, I hope you both any i mean you know this human addiction, it's, it's not that I don't think it's going to improve. I do.
Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: It's that I also know that the reality is relapse is part of recovery.
Jodi Dumler: Yes, you just don't know what that looks like and you don't know when it will happen. It's
Jodi Dumler: You guys could be together and sharing this both places and living you know and having that all that space and then you might need it sometime in it.
Holly Roddenbery: Or you may in it.
Jodi Dumler: Because you
Holly Roddenbery: Know we actually, you know, as I was looking yesterday before
Holly Roddenbery: It.
Holly Roddenbery: had too much to drink, and we went for a walk together and had a conversation about, you know, good things in life and
Holly Roddenbery: You know, what are some good good things that if we could have, you know,
Holly Roddenbery: If we could have some good things that we want, what would those be and we both agreed on that we're the type of people that sometimes we need solitude and a place of rest from other people.
Holly Roddenbery: And it kind of looked like a cabin off of the grid with, you know, just away. And so we're both to people who need that space or desire that space, and we were joking and talking about. It's a bomb shelter, so that we can go off in it.
Holly Roddenbery: Because you know he and I are both sensitive people
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: So I guess three that we we kind of had a conversation that we understand that.
Holly Roddenbery: We need space and
Jodi Dumler: That space is different than a lot
Jodi Dumler: Of our conversation to have.
Jodi Dumler: Today, I do think you're out enough risk that you need to keep thinking about it. Yeah, neither of you and want something to happen.
Holly Roddenbery: Right. We do love each other we care for each other, we see each other's pain, we can always fix that.
Holly Roddenbery: We have to give each other space and trust.
Holly Roddenbery: And through all of that I think john is actually understanding some things, and I am too.
So,
Jodi Dumler: Part of my love and trust is
Jodi Dumler: Protecting the other person from themselves and and that's really the way I look at you, having a location for safety.
Jodi Dumler: Is not only protecting yourself you're protecting him from the person he doesn't want to be and him getting himself in trouble. Are you in him.
Jodi Dumler: Doing something goes if you would regret.
Jodi Dumler: It's a protection for both of you. And that's the biggest thing. And so I keep coming and pushing it because I don't want something to happen, but I'm also pushing it because I don't
Jodi Dumler: Know it feels like this horrible thing.
Jodi Dumler: And I feel like you feel like it's if you were to say something to him. He would feel like it was this horrible thing and I get that.
Jodi Dumler: But if you to want to ride this out. It's a way of protecting yourself through this
Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: You guys can try and safely do this.
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: So I think you took pictures of all the safety stuff last week.
Holly Roddenbery: Do what
Jodi Dumler: Do you think you took pictures of all those safety pages last week.
Yes.
Jodi Dumler: No, I was gonna say, I'm guessing you didn't look through them all. So I was gonna say maybe this week.
Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: I have it. I've just been doing a lot of journaling and reading and seeking praying and
Holly Roddenbery: Trying to understand
Holly Roddenbery: Some places that I hold myself accountable for going on.
Holly Roddenbery: An Overview
Holly Roddenbery: Page.
Holly Roddenbery: That's goal for goal number one for this week.
Jodi Dumler: That's goal number two goal number one is I want you to
Jodi Dumler: I want you to have an active safety plan.
Jodi Dumler: As your therapist looking in. I can't in good conscience not consistently tell you you have to have an active state.
Jodi Dumler: That's goal number one.
Holly Roddenbery: What does
Holly Roddenbery: That mean I know I have a friend. Natasha, who has welcomed me into her house and said, you know, don't, don't allow yourself to be treated in a negative way.
Holly Roddenbery: And I believe that
Holly Roddenbery: With the whole coronavirus thing. I'm not so shorter, but I believe that I would have placed there.
Holly Roddenbery: And I do believe that john would understand if I needed dead bolts. If I approached him.
Holly Roddenbery: When he was more of himself.
Holly Roddenbery: He actually ordered some door norms.
Holly Roddenbery: To replace ones down here in my apartment.
Holly Roddenbery: So, and he's repairing bathroom walls as we can because he knows how to do all of those things.
Holly Roddenbery: Right now, he's facing some of his own waves and own battles and
Holly Roddenbery: hasn't found the strength yet to to completely do that by
Holly Roddenbery: And believe that it will help make this place down are safe.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: So yes, having your friends, having that discussion with your friend. And then when and then thinking about. Yes, the ways to make that apartment safe would be yes. Number one and number two is review your safety review your safe pages.
Jodi Dumler: You're coping pages I guess they are your coping pages.
Yeah, okay.
Jodi Dumler: And when you
Holly Roddenbery: Always good.
Jodi Dumler: And when you say Reading Are you reading the Bible because I know that was your goal is, you are wanting to be in the word
Jodi Dumler: Yes.
Holly Roddenbery: Reading the Bible and then I have a couple other books.
Holly Roddenbery: One being boundaries.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: The other. Let's see.
Holly Roddenbery: If you ever. You've heard of Mother Teresa's journals.
Holly Roddenbery: I'm
Holly Roddenbery: Reading that kind of brings me a comfort.
Holly Roddenbery: Because she walked through a lot of darkness has felt a lot of the same that had felt before.
Holly Roddenbery: And so that
Jodi Dumler: reaches your hand.
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: I haven't understood how walk through your door.
Holly Roddenbery: Since my dad's my uncle passed away, my dad passed away and I received that inheritance and
Holly Roddenbery: A lot of pain through that.
Holly Roddenbery: Interesting, how to
Holly Roddenbery: Handle
Jodi Dumler: That seems to be a good match good man.
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah, I've got plenty of books that I feel is where I'm
Holly Roddenbery: Where I feel safe.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: And it builds me up. It gives me strength.
Holly Roddenbery: And understanding and
Holly Roddenbery: Challenges me to love others.
Holly Roddenbery: That have don't
Jodi Dumler: Yes, she's gonna
Jodi Dumler: So can pray
Holly Roddenbery: Thank you, God, I finally the day called and and made sure that cut that
Holly Roddenbery: Paid for our platelet and then took my drug does
Jodi Dumler: You have to go. I don't know. I'm assuming somebody there today, but you have to
Jodi Dumler: Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: I'll give them a call you, you didn't already put the appointment in right
Jodi Dumler: Mm hmm.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah, I was on top.
Jodi Dumler: Okay, so to your Lord I just
Jodi Dumler: You just come to you and we're just
Jodi Dumler: Grateful for your presence in our lives just grateful that Holly can
Jodi Dumler: Have the words of
Jodi Dumler: People that have served you just as guidance.
Jodi Dumler: She goes through this journey.
Jodi Dumler: That she has the support
Jodi Dumler: Agree pastor and
Jodi Dumler: The daily support of your spirit.
Jodi Dumler: And I just pray Lord that you can really help her to see what you desire for her and that you can really help her see herself as a child of yours.
Jodi Dumler: And deserves.
Jodi Dumler: love and respect to them they can really help her to
Jodi Dumler: Just build confidence through seeing herself as your child.
Jodi Dumler: I just pray Lord that she goes through this week thing. You can just give her protection.
Jodi Dumler: And then you can
Jodi Dumler: Give her healing and
Jodi Dumler: Just really feeling
Jodi Dumler: What you need for her to do this week, and each day that you can really help her not to allow shame or guilt.
Jodi Dumler: Be parts of her consistent day to day, but that she can really walk in your forgiveness and your love.
Jodi Dumler: And she can really just continue to be healing and growing and then not be held back.
Jodi Dumler: Your son Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen.
Holly Roddenbery: Thank God.
Holly Roddenbery: Should we plan for next week.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah, we want to give it two weeks.
Jodi Dumler: Well, I grew up in two weeks, want me
Holly Roddenbery: Okay, right.
So,
Holly Roddenbery: I really appreciate you texting me this morning.
Jodi Dumler: I figured if
Holly Roddenbery: I schedule has been on
Holly Roddenbery: Do what
Jodi Dumler: I figured if you weren't here yet. I should check in and see if you're coming in the holiday and I didn't know I wasn't sure.
Jodi Dumler: Okay, yeah, I got you down because then, yeah, we'll hit group. The following week, so then that'll be good.
Jodi Dumler: At noon.
Holly Roddenbery: And then grew. Sounds good.
Jodi Dumler: Next week,
Holly Roddenbery: Thank you god. OK.
Jodi Dumler: Ok so transcriptionist if you can make the short term goals for her for this week should be that she reviews are seeking safety.
Jodi Dumler: Pages that she got from the week before I'm on coping.
Jodi Dumler: And then lets me know next week, but she did that. And the second one being that she has actively developed and currently doing.
Jodi Dumler: Has an in place for a safety plan for her own safety to the domestic violence and just the concerns there for her own personal safety. So she needs to really have a set plan for safety.
Jodi Dumler: That she'll be able to explain to me next week, or at least have started and have at least the friend contacted, and then we'll go to the next phase we continue the least some things that she has an option in place.